Version 12/17/98

First, let me thank you for either purchasing or considering the
purchase of "CJKV Information Processing" (the sequel to
"Understanding Japanese Information Processing," sometimes abbreviated
as "UJIP").

At the root level of this directory you should find several
directories and a file called 00README (this document).

The directory called "doc" contains versions of CJK.INF, the book's
Table of Contents, and other things. The directory called "errata"
contains the latest set of errata files, separated by printing
(strings such as "1-2" in the file name stand for "first edition,
second printing"). The final version of JAPAN.INF, which existed prior
to the publication of "Understanding Japanese Information Processing,"
can be found in the file that matches the following pattern:

  japan.inf-032092

JAPAN.INF has been discontinued, but is not dead. It has evolved into
a new document entitled CJK.INF. Archived versions of CJK.INF will be
marked in a similar way, denoting their date (for example, "032092"
stands for "March 20, 1992"). The current version will be in the "doc"
subdirectory, and will be named as follows, and will actually be a
link to the latest version:

  cjk.inf

	The directories here include character lists, mapping information,
and software -- all described or listed in "CJKV Information
Processing." Specifically, they are:

  Ch9  (Chapter 9 material)
  AppN (Appendix N material)
  AppQ (Appendix Q material)

	Files that contain Japanese characters are available in three
formats: JIS, Shift-JIS, and EUC encodings. The possible file extensions
for text files are as follows:

  .txt   = ASCII text (no Japanese)
  .jis   = JIS encoding
  .sjs   = Shift-JIS encoding
  .euc   = EUC encoding

Choose whichever suits your Japanese environment.
	There are also other directories. They are listed below with some
commentary:

  adobe   (Adobe Systems' materials, such as Tech Notes)
  amiga   (Amiga programs)
  dic     (Online dictionaries -- the drivers are in the directories for each
           platform)
  doc     (Documents of interest, such as CJK.INF and files that relate
           to the book)
  dos     (MS-DOS programs)
  errata  (The current errata sheets for the book, with separate files for
           each printing)
  faq     (Frequently Asked Question files on various Japanese topics)
  mac     (Macintosh programs -- the files in this directory are binhexed
           self-extracting archives)
  map     (Character set mapping tables and databases -- also look under
           the "dic" and "unicode" directories)
  os2     (OS/2 programs)
  perl    (Perl scripts -- requires that you have "perl" installed)
  review  (Reviews of books, software, and hardware)
  rfc     (Useful RFCs)
  src     (Source code for programs, such as jconv.c, jchar.c, and jcode.c --
           the files in this directory are just plain text)
  unicode (Material related to Unicode and ISO 10646-1:1993 -- mostly
           consisting of mapping tables)
  unix    (Unix programs)
  vms     (VMS Vax programs)
  windows (Windows programs)

	I hope that you enjoy using this material (and also that you
enjoy reading my book!).


-- Ken Lunde
   Author, "CJKV Information Processing"
   lunde@adobe.com or lunde@oreilly.com
